docs/README.md, before:

# Apache Storm Website and Documentation
This is the source for the Storm website and documentation. It is statically generated using [jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com).

## Generate Javadoc

You have to generate javadoc on project root before generating document site.

```
mvn clean install -Pdist # you may skip tests with `-DskipTests=true` to save time
```

You need to create distribution package with gpg certificate. Please refer [here](https://github.com/apache/storm/blob/master/DEVELOPER.md#packaging).

## Site Generation
First install jekyll (assuming you have ruby installed):

```
gem install jekyll
```

Generate the site, and start a server locally:
```
cd docs
jekyll serve -w
```

The `-w` option tells jekyll to watch for changes to files and regenerate the site automatically when any content changes.

Point your browser to http://localhost:4000

By default, jekyll will generate the site in a `_site` directory.


## Publishing the Website
In order to publish the website, you must have committer access to Storm's subversion repository.

The Storm website is published using Apache svnpubsub. Any changes committed to subversion will be automatically published to storm.apache.org.

To publish changes, tell jekyll to generate the site in the `publish` directory of subversion, then commit the changes:


```
cd docs
jekyll build -d /path/to/svn/repo/publish
cd /path/to/svn/repo/publish
svn commit
```

Commit message:

STORM-1617: Release Specific Documentation 0.9.x
Conflicts:
	.gitignore
	docs/README.md
	docs/_config.yml
	docs/_includes/footer.html
	docs/_includes/head.html
	docs/_includes/header.html
	docs/_layouts/about.html
	docs/_layouts/default.html
	docs/_layouts/documentation.html
	docs/_layouts/page.html
	docs/_layouts/post.html
	docs/assets/css/bootstrap.css
	docs/assets/css/bootstrap.css.map
	docs/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js
	docs/images/logos/alibaba.jpg
	docs/images/logos/groupon.jpg
	docs/images/logos/parc.png
	docs/images/logos/webmd.jpg
	docs/images/topology.png

docs/README.md, after:

# Apache Storm Website and Documentation
This is the source for the Release specific part of the Apache Storm website and documentation. It is statically generated using [jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com).

## Generate Javadoc

You have to generate javadoc on project root before generating document site.

```
mvn javadoc:javadoc
mvn javadoc:aggregate -DreportOutputDirectory=./docs/ -DdestDir=javadocs
```

You need to create distribution package with gpg certificate. Please refer [here](https://github.com/apache/storm/blob/master/DEVELOPER.md#packaging).

## Site Generation
First install jekyll (assuming you have ruby installed):

```
gem install jekyll
```

Generate the site, and start a server locally:
```
cd docs
jekyll serve -w
```

The `-w` option tells jekyll to watch for changes to files and regenerate the site automatically when any content changes.

Point your browser to http://localhost:4000

By default, jekyll will generate the site in a `_site` directory.

This will only show the portion of the documentation that is specific to this release.

## Adding a new release to the website
In order to add a new relase, you must have committer access to Storm's subversion repository at https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/storm/site.

Release documentation is placed under the releases directory named after the release version.  Most metadata about the release will be generated automatically from the name using a jekyll plugin.  Or by plaing them in the _data/releases.yml file.

To create a new release run the following from the main git directory

```
mvn javadoc:javadoc
mvn javadoc:aggregate -DreportOutputDirectory=./docs/ -DdestDir=javadocs
cd docs
mkdir ${path_to_svn}/releases/${release_name}
cp -r *.md images/ javadocs/ ${path_to_svn}/releases/${release_name}
cd ${path_to_svn}
svn add releases/${release_name}
svn commit
```

to publish a new release run

```
cd ${path_to_svn}
jekyll build -d publish/
svn add publish/ #Add any new files
svn commit
```
